Nope.
From the moment I saw him with Cypress Mumiao
I'm done with him
Can't that be me?
Mr. S, I told you
I have no plans to start a new relationship right now
Again
Don't you already have a fiancée?
I don't have the wrong hobby to insert other people's feelings
I do have a fiancee
But it was made at home
I've never even met his face.
And grandpa has promised me that I can get rid of the marriage.
Grandpa me
Mr. S, I'm here.
You live here
What's the matter?
Yan Yan's biological parents are poor households in Taoyuan County
Why do you live on the other side?
Why Hu Shu
Bye bye
Aoki is preparing a generous gift to leave home tomorrow to annul the marriage
What thorn
Your engagement to leave home was made by the older generation
You are now breaking off the marriage
It's like hitting a store away from home
Leave home and make friends with so many people in four families
There will be cracks
It's not just you and the illegitimate daughter who left home
It's more involved
Away from Home and Four Quality Everyone Read
Fourth President, do you want to reconsider?
Hurry up and get ready
Fourth, you don't think for yourself
Don't consider the family
Then you can think about it for the old man
He's just not in good health
You break off the marriage like this
Is it if grandpa knew that I was doing it for grandpa?
I just went to cancel the marriage and didn't agree.